"Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?” - 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
"I've paid my dues Time after time.” - 'We Are The Champions'.
"Steve walks warily down the street With his brim pulled way down low , Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet Machine guns ready to go." - 'Another One Bites The Dust'.
"I'm OK, I'm alright I ain't gonna face no defeat.” - 'Somebody To Love'.
"I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky like a tiger defying the laws of gravity." - 'Don't Stop Me Now'.
"Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise, Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday.” - 'We Will Rock You'.
"She keeps her Moet et Chandon In her pretty cabinet 'Let them eat cake', she says Just like Marie Antoinette." - 'Killer Queen'.
"So don't become some background noise a backdrop for the girls and boys." - 'Radio Ga Ga'.
"Who wants to live forever, Who dares to love forever." - 'Who Wants To Live Forever'.
"We are the champions, my friends, And we'll keep on fighting till the end." - 'We Are The Champions'.
"A baby I was when you took my hand The light of the night burned bright". - 'Now I'm Here'.
"It's strange but it's true I can't get over the way you love me like you do." - 'I Want To Break Free'.
“I was born to take care of you every single day of my life.” - ‘I Was Born To Love You’.
“But I have to be sure When I walk out that door Oh how I want to be free.” - 'I Want To Break Free'.
“We are the champions No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions of the World.” - 'We Are The Champions'.
“Who dares to love forever When love must die.” - 'Who Wants To Live Forever'.
“You had your time, you had the power You've yet to have your finest hour.” - 'Radio Ga Ga'.
“I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva, I'm gonna go, go, go There's no stopping me.” - 'Don't Stop Me Now'.
“I feel good And no-one's gonna stop me now.”- 'It's A Beautiful Day'.
“You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'We will, we will rock you." - 'We Will Rock You'.
“Caught in a landslide no escape from reality.” - 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
“Open your eyes Look up to the skies and see." - 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
“Anywhere the wind blows Doesn’t really matter to me.”- 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
“I just gotta get out of this prison cell One day (someday) I'm gonna be free, Lord! Find me somebody to love." - 'Somebody To Love'.
“I've done my sentence But committed no crime." - 'We Are The Champions'.
“How do you think I'm going to get along Without you when you're gone.” - 'Another One Bites The Dust'
“Are you happy are you satisfied? How long can you stand the heat.” - 'Another One Bites The Dust'
“Goodbye everybody, I've got to go Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth.” - 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
"Open your eyes look up to the skies and see" - 'Bohemian Rhapsody'.
"In the quiet of the night, Let our candle always burn, Let us never lose the lessons we have learned" - Teo Torriatte
"Buddy you're a young man hard man, Shoutin' in the street gonna take on the world some day" - We Will Rock You
"I try and mend the broken pieces, Oh, I try to fight back the tears, Oh, they say it's just a state of mind, But it happens to everyone" - It's A Hard Life
"You had your time, you had the power, You've yet to have your finest hour" - Radio Ga-Ga
"I have to find the will to carry on/(On with the show, on with the show)/Show (show must go on, go on)" ~The Show Must Go On
"We are the champions, my friends/And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end" ~We Are The Champions
